and the Lord said to Moses I will bring
one more plague on Pharaoh and on Egypt
afterward he will let you go from here
when he lets you go
he will surely drive you out of here all
together speak now in the hearing of the
people and let every man ask from his
neighbor and every woman from her
neighbor articles of silver and articles
of gold and the Lord gave the people
favor in the sight of the Egyptians
moreover the man Moses was very great in
the land of Egypt in the sight of
Pharaoh's servants and in the sight of
the people then Moses said thus says the
Lord about midnight I will go out into
the midst of Egypt and all the firstborn
in the land of Egypt shall die from the
firstborn of Pharaoh who sits on his
throne even to the firstborn of the
female servant who was behind the hand
mill and all the firstborn of the
animals then there shall be a great cry
throughout all the land
such as was not like it before nor shall
be like it again but against none of the
children of Israel shall a dog move its
tongue against man or beast that you may
know that the Lord does make a
difference between the Egyptians and
Israel and all is your servants shall
come down to me and bow down to me
saying get out and all the people who
follow you after that I will go out then
he went out from Pharaoh in great anger
but the Lord said to Moses Pharaoh will
not heed you so that my wonders may be
multiplied in the land of Egypt
so Moses and Aaron did all these wonders
before Pharaoh and the Lord hardened
Pharaoh's heart and he did not let the
children of Israel go out of his lair